Generic API Event Collector - OAuth 2.0 Support (#44977)
demisto/content: Packs/GenericAPIEventCollector/Integrations/GenericAPIEventCollector/README.md

## Configure Generic API Event Collector (Beta) in Cortex

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Server URL |  | True |
| Endpoint | Add the endpoint you want to collect data from \(Alert/Events, etc.\). | True |
| Authentication Type | Select the authentication method. | True |
| HTTP Method | The HTTP method of the request to the API. | True |
| API Token | API Key to access the service REST API. | False |
| Username | Username &amp;amp; Password to use for basic authentication. | False |
| Password |  | False |

> | Oauth token url | OAuth 2.0 token endpoint URL. Possible value: https://YOUR_AUTH0_DOMAIN/oauth/token | False |

Reviewer: Again, example of the format, not a possible value

| Oauth client id | OAuth Client ID issued by the IdP. | False |
| Oauth client secret | OAuth Client Secret. | False |
| Authorization code | The IdP renders its login/consent page. After the user authenticates and grants consent, the IdP redirects the user-agent to redirect_uri with an authorization code. | False |

> | Redirect uri | Used by Idp to provide an authorization code. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redirect uri | Used by IdP to provide an authorization code. | False |
```

| Oauth scopes | Space-separated scopes, e.g. events:read alerts:read. | False |
| Add Fields To header | If the additional header is required, add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If there's a need to add more then one, use it in this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |
| Use system proxy settings |  | False |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
| Vendor | Enter vendor name for dataset. | True |
| Product | Enter product name for dataset. | True |

> | Request data | If required to pass DATA when calling the API to collect data, add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If there's a need to add more then one, use it in this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Request data | If passing DATA is required when calling the API to collect data, add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If you need to add more then one, use this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |
```

Reviewer: Use the same wording for the lines below.

| Initial request JSON parameters | If the product requires a different initial request JSON, add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If there's a need to add more then one, use it in this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |
| Query parameters | If required to filter the results using query parameters please add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If there's a need to add more then one, use it in this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |
| Initial query parameters | If the product requires a different initial query parameters for the first fetch call, add it here in dictionary format \{unique_field : 286\}. If there's a need to add more then one, use it in this format: \{'field-1': value_example, 'field-2': value_2, 'field-3': value_3\} | False |
| Is pagination needed | If the API JSON response supports events pagination. |  |
| Pagination field name | Next page field in JSON response, e.g., "cursor", "next_page" | False |

> | Pagination flag | Next page existence in JSON response e.g., "has_more", "next" | False |

Reviewer: "Next page existence" - Not clear. 
Mayne: "Text displayed when there are more pages in the JSON response."

Author: changed to :
JSON response key indicating whether a next page exists, e.g., "has_more", "next".

| Timestamp format of the event creation time or "epoch". | Python compatible datetime formatting \(e.g., "%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.%fZ" or "%Y.%m.%d %H:%M:%S"\) or "epoch" to use UNIX epoch time. | False |
| Timestamp field | The name of the event creation time in the response data, e.g., "timestamp" or "created_at". | True |

> | Events lookup path in the response JSON, dot-separated, e.g. ,"data.items". | Where within the response object to find the events list. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Events lookup path in the response JSON, dot-separated, e.g. ,"data.items". | Where to find the events list within the response object . | False |
```

Reviewer: Reordering makes this easier to read. Do the same for the one below.

| Event ID lookup path in the event response JSON, dot-separated, e.g., "id". | Where within the event object to find the event ID. | False |

> | The type of ID field, either "integer" or "string" | ID field of type integer are comparable and when last fetched ID is the maximum ID between the fetched events, when the type is string, the last fetched ID is the last event returned from the API. | False |

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is trying to say. It needs to be rewritten.

> | Allowed HTTP status codes for successful response from the API | OK codes is a comma-separated list \(e.g., "200,201,202"\). Default is "200". | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Allowed HTTP status codes for successful response from the API | OK codes in a comma-separated list \(e.g., "200,201,202"\). Default is "200". | False |
```

> | Number of incidents to fetch per fetch. |  | False |

Reviewer: "to fetch per fetch" doesn't seem right. Maybe "to fetch per request"?

Reviewer: Also, maybe these should have descriptions.

> | Fetch Events |  | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fetch events |  | False |
```

> | Events Fetch Interval |  | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Events fetch interval |  | False |
```

You must specify the authentication method required by the server.
The supported authentication types include:

- Basic Authentication (username and password)
- Token Based Authentication (Token key)
- Bearer Token (API key)
- Raw Token (for custom token-based authentication)
- No Authorization (for publicly accessible data)
- Api-Key (API key sent in a request header)
- OAuth 2.0 (Client Credentials and Authorization Code flows)

> 

Reviewer: Again no need to say API key twice
